Sheila Dixit ji, PC Chacko ji, JP Agarwal ji, Subhash Chopra ji, Ajay Maken ji, Harunyusufji, Rajesh Lilothia ji, Devendra Yadav ji, Kuljitnagarji, all senior leaders of Congress party sitting on our stage, district representatives, block representatives, booth representatives, booth workers, press Hello our friends, very welcome to all of you here. This is a wonderful party, every day it means something new, when Chacko ji was coming here, the leader of Kerala, who told me, no Chackoji should meet in Delhi, because they speak in English, they speak in Malayalam, they speak in Malayalam, their language is not so good, today I have spoken in Hindi. After listening to his second story, five years ago, a watchman came to the country, used to say - I have come to fight against corruption, I have a 56-inch chest, make me a watchman, don't make me the Prime Minister. You will remember, earlier the slogan used to be used. Modi ji used to be on the stage, 10-15 of his people used to stand on the stage and used to say, Acche Thadan – Janta used to say, will come. Do you remember – Modi, Modi, Modi, good days will come. It has been four and a half years, 5 years have passed, ‘Congress-mukt Bharat’ Modi ji said, I will make a ‘Congress-mukt Bharat’.
2 Say, Chowkidar – (people said he is a thief). You tell him with eight hands, chowkidar (people then said he is a thief) whatever you want to say, you say chowkidar, the voice will come from the other side, he is a thief. This is the wonder of Congress party. What is this, this is not just a miracle of the Congress party, it is a miracle of you people that you people want BJP-RSS in every corner of the country. No matter how much power you put, you reach the truth in every corner of the country. It doesn't take time, today, in the whole country, in every state, in different languages, in Malayalam, in Tamil, as soon as you speak, Chowkidar, they will say thief. Gheghanta Chowkidar Jeene gave a speech at Palia Ment House, we asked 4 questions, Congress party asked 4 questions. You talked about corruption, how did Anal Ambani get the contract bypassing HAL? How did an airplane worth Rs 526 crore be bought for Rs 1,600 crore? amazing. The prime minister could not see eye to eye, you look at the video, Palayam House, look at the video of Lok Sabha TV, half an hour ago, the prime minister could not see eye to eye, sometimes see here, sometimes see there, the wonder of the Congress party. Madhya Pradesh was considered a stronghold of BJP, in Chhattisgarh BJP has so much money that we who are friends with the press, everyone assumed that the Congress government could not win in Chhattisgarh.
I will ban notes, abolish 500 rupees, 1,000 rupees notes, destroy small shopkeepers, destroy the entire business system of India and on the other hand, Manmohan Singhji stands in the Rajya Sabha and tells that there will be a loss of 2 percent of GDP. 40-45 soldiers were martyred. While doing the Karta), who are the National Security Advisors, Ajit Hobhalji, Masood Azhar went to Kole and came to Kandahar after handing them over (to the terrorists). If there was a bomb blast in Pulwam, of course it was done by the people of Krishna, Jaish-e-Mohammed, but release Masood Azhar from BJP jail. Two prime ministers of the Congress party have been martyred, we do not bow down to anyone.
If you look at the back of the shirt, 'Made in China' is written.Have eaten. Look at the bottom of their shoes, look at the back of their cell phone, the one they stick with, I guarantee, says 'Made in China'. If we want to talk about China, then we talk about China. In Ahmedabad, Narendra Modiji, like Sheilaji is sitting, on one side Narendra Modiji and where Kojiji is sitting, there the President of China is swinging on the swing, the press people are watching. You must have seen one thing, it is a small thing, when the Prime Minister's victory is won with the nation, whether with Obama or with China. No one else can be seen there, you are alone, even the SPG people will not see you there, only the Prime Minister of India, they were swinging there, the press people were taking photographs, zooming in, and on the other side, the Chinese army entered the Foklam. Having tea, the President of China gave a clear message to the Prime Minister of India, what message did he give – I understand you, you have no heart and you are a weak person and you are talking and I am here in India, I can send my army to Doklam and you will not be able to do anything. But the matter does not end there, after that Narendra Modiji goes to China, read the newspapers and our friends from the press will tell you, read in any newspaper, without an agent, there is a mutilation, hey brother, I have come to your house, I am sitting in Doklam, and you went to China without an agent, he was amputated and amputated in front of China!
5 Teka and told China – see and keep the Doklam, will not tell anyone in India, I will take care of the press people, the matter is over. This is the truth of Narendra Modi ji. I fought with him in Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, I have recognized the point. I will tell you, as soon as a person stands in front of Narendra Modi and says, I am not going to back down, what will you do? Narendra Modi ji walks around. I will tell you , Belaskly Narendra Modi ji and R.S.S. It is the ideology of the people, it is the ideology of hate and you are ignorant, do what you want to do, we don't have to do anything, kill as much as you want to kill, suppress it, nothing has to be done, we are Congressmen. It is a simple matter and it is up to you to decide, Gandhiji, where do you want enemies? On the one hand, love, brother. On the other hand, hate, fear, Gandhi ji was fearless, stayed in jail for 15-17 years and then talks with the British, talks with love. Nirav Bhai on the number...Pavjay Mallya. Nirav Modi took Rs 35,000 crore, means one year
6 MGNREGA money has been taken. We have taken a decision and I am clearly speaking that they have waived the debt of 15 people worth Rs.3.5 lakh crore. We have taken a decision, as soon as the Congress party government comes here, we will give minimum income guarantee to every poor citizen of India. What is this, I tell you, people asked me to explain a little disco. Whose income is below that income, from the line of minimum income and the money between his income will be given to him. This is my decision, no country has done this till date. On the other hand, we announced in Chhattisgarh. Narendra Modiji got nervous then in budget he hesitated to announce it. , to those 15-20 people.
7 So brothers and sisters, this is the truth. I talked about two issues, the second issue is the issue of farmers – farmers are the backbone of this country and without them the country cannot run. This is the challenge before the Congress party – the job and the protection of the farmers.Will start doing India. He gets employment to 50,000 youths in 24 hours, where in India Narendra Modi's government gives employment to 450 youths in 24 hours. Talk about the man and tell that only Congress party can change Delhi and India.Thank you very much from Kathdal